Validation: description-missing fixes. (#242)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/search-module-examples/user-input-geocode-example.md

---
title: "User Input Geocode Example | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Provides a code example that displays a search field and button which allows a user to perform a search for a location and then lists the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Example code demonstrating how to display a search field and button on a map. When the button is selected the search query is geocoded and the results are displayed on the map and a list of the result names are shown beside the map.
```
